Hello we are Akaash and Naman 

We are going to show an authentication flaw that can help us do the following in a gmail account:
1. Constantly monitor the account of the victim and can view or send messages to anyone. This is a huge breach in the privacy of an individual.
2. The victim will also be not prompted of a suspicious sign in from a different device message that generally pops up when signed in devices are different. 
3. This flaw can also be exploited even when the attacker and the victim are on different networks.
4. What makes matters worse is that even after changing the password, the attacker still have the same privileges.































How can it be exploited: By having physical access to the target machine or writing scripts to capture the cookie of gmail.
We are going to  show the method on a physical access scenerio.




















We are going to exploit this using cookies and we are going to have an chrome extension EditThisCookie::

In this video we are going to display this in the same machine but this will also work in different machines and different networks::

First we are opening my own private gmail account in incognito and the test email in the normal browser














We are going to first log in to the test email->Export the cookies and logout from the email.

Next we are going to open the gmail website ->enter the test email and type www.gmail.com from the user after importing the saved cookies!

We then test creating and viewing mail of the victim.

As we see we are quite successful

Inspite of the authentication error we can recieve messages!
Sending an email to ron from my email
As you see we have captured the email 
We can even send email:













What if a person changes his password!!











we are signed to the target email->Copy the cookie

Then we change the password

And sign out from gmail










Remember we have the cookie saved before changing the password!!


We are going to import it

We are recieving the same notification. BUt still we can do anything!












Sadly or happily(sarcastically speaking)-> Even after changing the password attacker has 
gained the same privelages




now we will send a test email









Due to constraints we are not able to show the following points which also work that is

 User wont be prompted of a new suspicious sign in message that comes from devices that are not familiar!

Thanks

Akaash,Naman




